VERCEL_V0_PROMPT.md, before:

# Vercel v0 Prompt - BeyondChats Article Discovery Frontend

> **Copy this entire prompt to Vercel v0 to generate the complete frontend**  
> URL: https://v0.dev

---

## Project Requirements

Build a modern, responsive React application for displaying and managing scraped articles with AI-enhanced content discovery.

### Tech Stack
- **Framework**: React 18+ with TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Routing**: React Router v6
- **State Management**: React Context API or Zustand
- **HTTP Client**: Axios
- **UI Components**: shadcn/ui (preferred) or custom components
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Animations**: Framer Motion

### API Backend
The frontend will connect to a REST API at `http://localhost:3000/api` (configurable via environment variable).

---

## Features Required

### 1. **Home Page** (`/`)

#### Hero Section
- **Title**: "BeyondChats Content Discovery"
- **Subtitle**: "AI-Powered Article Analysis & Enhancement"
- **Description**: Brief explanation of the platform
- **CTA Button**: "Explore Articles" (scrolls to article grid)
- **Gradient Background**: Modern gradient with subtle animation

#### Search & Filter Bar
- **Search Input**: 
  - Debounced search (300ms delay)
  - Search icon on left
  - Clear button (X) on right when text exists
  - Placeholder: "Search articles by title, content, or keywords..."
  - Full-width on mobile, max-width 600px on desktop

- **Filter Panel** (Expandable on mobile):
  - **Source Filter**: Dropdown/Select
    - All Articles
    - Original Content
    - AI Enhanced
    - Competitive Analysis
  - **Date Range**: Date picker or dropdown
    - All Time
    - Last 7 Days
    - Last 30 Days
    - Last 90 Days
  - **Sort Options**: Dropdown
    - Newest First
    - Oldest First
    - Title (A-Z)
    - Reading Time (Shortest)
    - Reading Time (Longest)
  - **Apply Filters** button (primary color)
  - **Reset** button (secondary)

#### Article Grid
- **Responsive Grid**:
  - 1 column on mobile (< 640px)
  - 2 columns on tablet (640px - 1024px)
  - 3 columns on desktop (> 1024px)
- **Spacing**: 6-8 units gap between cards
- **Loading State**: 6-9 skeleton cards with shimmer animation
- **Empty State**: 
  - Illustration or icon
  - Message: "No articles found"
  - Subtext: "Try adjusting your filters or search query"
  - Button to reset filters

#### Article Card Component
Each card should display:
- **Thumbnail Image**: 
  - 16:9 aspect ratio
  - Fallback gradient with first letter of title (large font)
  - Hover: Subtle zoom effect (scale 1.05)
- **Badges** (top-right corner over thumbnail):
  - "✨ AI Enhanced" (purple badge if `metadata.isAIGenerated === true`)
  - "🔄 Updated" (blue badge if `metadata.lastAnalyzed` exists)
- **Title**: 
  - 2 lines max with ellipsis
  - Font size: text-xl, font-weight: bold
  - Hover: Change color to primary
- **Excerpt**: 
  - 3 lines max with ellipsis
  - Font size: text-sm
  - Color: text-gray-600
- **Metadata Row**:
  - Author icon + name (if available, else "Unknown")
  - Date icon + formatted date (e.g., "Dec 29, 2025")
  - Clock icon + reading time (e.g., "5 min read")
  - Separator: "•" between items
  - Font size: text-xs, color: text-gray-500
- **Tags** (if available):
  - Show first 3 tags
  - Colored pills with different colors
  - Font size: text-xs
- **Card Styling**:
  - White background
  - Rounded corners (rounded-xl)
  - Shadow on hover (shadow-md → shadow-xl)
  - Lift effect on hover (translate-y -4px)
  - Smooth transitions (300ms)
  - Cursor pointer
  - Full card clickable (onClick navigates to detail page)

#### Pagination
- **Display**: "Showing 1-10 of 45 articles"
- **Controls**:
  - Previous button (disabled if first page)
  - Page numbers (show current, 2 before, 2 after, with ellipsis)
  - Next button (disabled if last page)
- **Style**: Clean, minimal design
- **Mobile**: Simplified to just Prev/Next with page count

---

### 2. **Article Detail Page** (`/articles/:id`)

#### Layout
- **Breadcrumb Navigation**: Home > Articles > {Article Title}
- **Back Button**: "← Back to Articles"
- **Max Width**: 800px centered container
- **White Card**: With shadow and padding

#### Header Section
- **Large Title**: h1, font-bold, text-4xl
- **Metadata Bar**:
  - Author (with avatar placeholder)
  - Published date
  - Reading time
  - Word count
  - Last updated (if AI-enhanced)
- **Tags**: Full list of tags with colors
- **Action Buttons**:
  - Share (Twitter, LinkedIn, Copy Link)
  - "View Original" link (if this is enhanced version)
  - "Compare Versions" button (if both original and enhanced exist)

#### Content Section
- **Full Article Content**:
  - Well-formatted HTML/Markdown
  - Line height: relaxed (1.7)
  - Font size: text-lg
  - Paragraphs with proper spacing
  - Headings styled appropriately (h2, h3)
  - Lists styled (ul, ol)
  - Code blocks (if any) with syntax highlighting

#### AI Enhancement Section (if `metadata.isAIGenerated === true`)
- **Expandable Section**: "AI Enhancement Details"
- **Show**:
  - Similarity Score: Progress bar with percentage
  - Ranking Factors: List with checkmarks
  - Keywords Added: Colored badges
  - References Used: Clickable links to source articles

#### References Section (if `metadata.references` exists)
- **Title**: "Sources & References"
- **List**: Cards showing:
  - Source title
  - Source URL (clickable)
  - Date scraped
  - Open in new tab icon

#### Related Articles Section
- **Title**: "Related Articles"
- **Grid**: 3 mini article cards (same design as home page but smaller)
- **Logic**: Show other articles with similar tags (mock for now)

---

### 3. **Comparison Page** (`/compare/:originalId/:enhancedId`) - BONUS

#### Layout
- **Split Screen**: 50/50 on desktop, stacked on mobile
- **Sticky Header**: With titles of both versions
- **Synchronized Scrolling**: When scrolling one side, other follows

#### Left Panel: Original Article
- Label: "Original Version"
- Display full content

#### Right Panel: AI-Enhanced Article  
- Label: "AI-Enhanced Version"
- Display full content with highlights:
  - New sections: Light green background
  - Modified sections: Light yellow background

#### Comparison Metrics (Sticky Sidebar or Top Bar)
- **Word Count**: Original vs Enhanced (with % change)
- **Reading Time**: Original vs Enhanced
- **Similarity Score**: Visual gauge (0-100%)
- **Improvements**:
  - Keywords added: Number with list
  - Sections added: Number
  - Readability score: Before/After
- **Toggle View**:
  - Side-by-side (desktop default)
  - Stacked (mobile default)
  - Difference view (highlight changes only)

---

### 4. **Statistics Dashboard** (Optional Bonus) (`/stats`)

Display aggregate statistics:
- **Total Articles**: Count with icon
- **AI-Enhanced Articles**: Count + percentage
- **Average Similarity Score**: Percentage
- **Total References**: Count
- **Articles by Source**: Pie chart or bar chart
- **Publishing Timeline**: Line chart showing articles over time
- **Top Keywords**: Word cloud or tag cloud
- **Recent Activity**: List of last 10 articles

Use chart library: Recharts or Chart.js

---

## API Integration

### Axios Setup (`src/services/api.ts`)

```typescript
import axios from 'axios';

const API_BASE_URL = import.meta.env.VITE_API_URL || 'http://localhost:3000/api';

const api = axios.create({
  baseURL: API_BASE_URL,
  timeout: 10000,
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
  },
});

// Request interceptor
api.interceptors.request.use((config) => {
  // Add any auth tokens here if needed
  return config;
});

// Response interceptor
api.interceptors.response.use(
  (response) => response,
  (error) => {
    const message = error.response?.data?.error || error.message;
    // Handle errors globally
    return Promise.reject(error);
  }
);

export default api;
```

### API Endpoints to Consume

```typescript
// GET /articles
// Query params: page, limit, search, sort, sourceType, dateFrom, dateTo
interface GetArticlesParams {
  page?: number;
  limit?: number;
  search?: string;
  sort?: string;
  sourceType?: 'original' | 'competitive-analysis' | 'enhanced';
  dateFrom?: string;
  dateTo?: string;
}

// GET /articles/:id
// Returns single article with all metadata

// GET /articles/stats
// Returns statistics object

// Response format:
interface ApiResponse<T> {
  success: boolean;
  data: T;
  pagination?: {
    total: number;
    pages: number;
    current: number;
    limit: number;
  };
}

interface Article {
  _id: string;
  title: string;
  url: string;
  excerpt?: string;
  content?: string;
  author?: string;
  publishedDate?: string;
  thumbnail?: string;
  tags?: string[];
  scrapedAt: string;
  metadata?: {
    wordCount?: number;
    readingTime?: number;
    lastAnalyzed?: string;
    similarityScore?: number;
    rankingFactors?: string[];
    isAIGenerated?: boolean;
    sourceType?: string;
    keywords?: string[];
    references?: Array<{
      title: string;
      url: string;
      scrapedAt: string;
    }>;
  };
  createdAt: string;
  updatedAt: string;
}
```

---

## Design System

### Colors
- **Primary**: Indigo/Purple (`#4F46E5`, `#7C3AED`)
- **Secondary**: Emerald (`#10B981`)
- **Accent**: Amber (`#F59E0B`)
- **Success**: Green (`#22C55E`)
- **Error**: Red (`#EF4444`)
- **Warning**: Orange (`#F97316`)
- **Text Primary**: `#1F2937`
- **Text Secondary**: `#6B7280`
- **Background**: `#F9FAFB`

### Typography
- **Font Family**: Inter or System UI
- **Headings**: Bold, tracking-tight
- **Body**: Regular, line-height relaxed
- **Small Text**: text-sm, text-gray-600

### Spacing
- Use Tailwind spacing scale (4, 6, 8, 12, 16, 24, 32, 48, 64)
- Consistent padding: p-6 for cards, p-4 for smaller components
- Consistent gaps: gap-6 for grids, gap-4 for lists

### Shadows
- **Default**: shadow-sm
- **Hover**: shadow-lg
- **Active**: shadow-xl

### Animations
- **Transitions**: 200-300ms ease-in-out
- **Hover Effects**: Scale, shadow, color changes
- **Loading**: Skeleton shimmer, spinner
- **Page Transitions**: Fade in (Framer Motion)

---

## Responsive Design

### Breakpoints (Tailwind defaults)
- **sm**: 640px
- **md**: 768px
- **lg**: 1024px
- **xl**: 1280px
- **2xl**: 1536px

### Mobile (<640px)
- Single column layout
- Hamburger menu (if navigation)
- Stacked filters (expandable drawer)
- Bottom navigation (optional)
- Touch-friendly buttons (min 44x44px)

### Tablet (640px - 1024px)
- 2-column grid
- Compact filters in top bar
- Side navigation (if needed)

### Desktop (>1024px)
- 3-column grid
- Full filter panel
- Larger text and spacing

---

## Accessibility

- **ARIA Labels**: All interactive elements
- **Keyboard Navigation**: Tab through all focusable elements
- **Focus Indicators**: Visible outline on focus
- **Alt Text**: All images
- **Color Contrast**: WCAG AA compliant
- **Screen Reader**: Semantic HTML

---

## Performance Optimizations

- **Lazy Loading**: Images and routes
- **Code Splitting**: Route-based
- **Debouncing**: Search input
- **Virtualization**: If article list is very long (react-window)
- **Memoization**: useMemo, useCallback for expensive computations
- **Image Optimization**: Use Next.js Image if available

---

## Error Handling & Loading States

### Loading States
- **Initial Load**: Full-page skeleton with shimmer
- **Pagination**: Mini spinner + disabled state
- **Search**: Inline spinner in search bar
- **Detail Page**: Content skeleton

### Error States
- **Network Error**: 
  - Icon: Wifi off
  - Message: "Unable to connect to server"
  - Button: "Try Again"
- **404 Not Found**:
  - Icon: File question mark
  - Message: "Article not found"
  - Button: "Back to Home"
- **General Error**:
  - Icon: Alert triangle
  - Message: Error description
  - Button: "Retry"

### Empty States
- **No Articles**: Friendly message with illustration
- **No Search Results**: Suggest adjusting filters
- **No Tags**: Show placeholder

---

## Component Structure Suggestion

```
src/
├── components/
│   ├── layout/
│   │   ├── Header.tsx
│   │   ├── Footer.tsx
│   │   └── Layout.tsx
│   ├── articles/
│   │   ├── ArticleCard.tsx
│   │   ├── ArticleGrid.tsx
│   │   ├── ArticleDetail.tsx
│   │   └── ArticleCardSkeleton.tsx
│   ├── search/
│   │   ├── SearchBar.tsx
│   │   ├── FilterPanel.tsx
│   │   └── SortDropdown.tsx
│   ├── common/
│   │   ├── Button.tsx
│   │   ├── Badge.tsx
│   │   ├── Loader.tsx
│   │   ├── ErrorMessage.tsx
│   │   └── EmptyState.tsx
│   └── comparison/
│       ├── SplitView.tsx
│       ├── ComparisonMetrics.tsx
│       └── DiffHighlight.tsx
├── pages/
│   ├── HomePage.tsx
│   ├── ArticleDetailPage.tsx
│   ├── ComparisonPage.tsx
│   └── StatsPage.tsx
├── hooks/
│   ├── useArticles.ts
│   ├── useArticle.ts
│   ├── useSearch.ts
│   └── useDebounce.ts
├── services/
│   └── api.ts
├── utils/
│   ├── formatDate.ts
│   ├── calculateReadingTime.ts
│   └── truncateText.ts
├── types/
│   └── article.ts
└── App.tsx
```

---

## Additional Features (If Time Permits)

1. **Dark Mode Toggle**: Switch between light/dark theme
2. **Favorites/Bookmarks**: Save articles locally (localStorage)
3. **Export**: Download article as PDF/Markdown
4. **Print Stylesheet**: Optimized print view
5. **Keyboard Shortcuts**: Quick actions (search, close modal)
6. **Animations**: Smooth page transitions with Framer Motion
7. **Toast Notifications**: Success/error messages (react-hot-toast)

---

## Environment Variables

Create `.env.example`:
```
VITE_API_URL=http://localhost:3000/api
```

---

## Final Notes

### Priority Order
1. **Home Page** with article grid (MUST HAVE)
2. **Article Detail Page** (MUST HAVE)
3. **Search & Filters** (MUST HAVE)
4. **Responsive Design** (MUST HAVE)
5. **Comparison Page** (BONUS - Stand out!)
6. **Statistics Dashboard** (BONUS)

### Visual References
- **Style Inspiration**: Medium.com, Dev.to, Hashnode
- **Modern, clean, professional**
- **Smooth animations**
- **Excellent typography**
- **Good spacing and whitespace**

### Testing
- Test all features manually
- Verify responsiveness on multiple devices
- Check accessibility with keyboard navigation
- Validate API integration with real backend

---

## Prompt Summary for v0

**"Create a modern React + TypeScript article discovery platform with:**
- **Home page**: Hero, search bar with debounce, advanced filters, responsive 3-column article grid with beautiful cards, pagination
- **Article detail page**: Full content display, metadata, AI enhancement details, references section, related articles
- **Comparison page**: Split-screen view comparing original vs AI-enhanced articles with metrics
- **Article cards**: Thumbnail with fallback gradient, badges for AI-enhanced, hover effects, metadata row, tags
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS, indigo/purple theme, smooth animations, modern gradient hero, shadcw/ui components
- **Responsive**: 1 column mobile, 2 tablet, 3 desktop
- **API integration**: Axios with interceptors, loading skeletons, error handling
- **Accessibility**: ARIA labels, keyboard nav, WCAG compliant
- **Features**: Debounced search, filters (source type, date, sort), pagination, empty states, error handling

Use Framer Motion for animations, Lucide React for icons, follow the design system with primary color #4F46E5. Make it look professional and impressive for a job assignment!"**

---

**Save this file and use it as your v0 prompt! Adjust based on v0's response and iterate.**

Commit message:

feat(frontend): integrate backend API with real data
- Created comprehensive API service layer (lib/api.ts)
  * TypeScript types for all responses
  * Error handling and axios configuration
  * All 8 backend endpoints integrated

- Updated article-grid.tsx with real API calls
  * useEffect hook for data fetching
  * Loading and error states
  * Dynamic filtering and pagination

- Enhanced article detail page
  * Fetch real article data from API
  * Display actual metadata and enhancement details
  * Loading skeleton and 404 handling
  * AI enhancement details from backend

- Environment configuration
  * .env.local with NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL
  * .env.example for documentation

- Created DEVELOPMENT_JOURNEY.md
  * Complete documentation of all phases
  * Testing methodology
  * Honest account of development process

Phase 3 integration: 60% complete

VERCEL_V0_PROMPT.md, after:

# Vercel v0 Prompt - BeyondChats Article Discovery Frontend

> **Copy this entire prompt to Vercel v0 to generate the complete frontend**  
> URL: https://v0.dev

---

## Project Requirements

Build a modern, responsive React application for displaying and managing scraped articles with AI-enhanced content discovery.

### Tech Stack
- **Framework**: React 18+ with TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Routing**: React Router v6
- **State Management**: React Context API or Zustand
- **HTTP Client**: Axios
- **UI Components**: shadcn/ui (preferred) or custom components
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Animations**: Framer Motion

### API Backend
The frontend will connect to a REST API at `http://localhost:3000/api` (configurable via environment variable).

---

## Features Required

### 1. **Home Page** (`/`)

#### Hero Section
- **Title**: "BeyondChats Content Discovery"
- **Subtitle**: "AI-Powered Article Analysis & Enhancement"
- **Description**: Brief explanation of the platform
- **CTA Button**: "Explore Articles" (scrolls to article grid)
- **Gradient Background**: Modern gradient with subtle animation

#### Search & Filter Bar
- **Search Input**: 
  - Debounced search (300ms delay)
  - Search icon on left
  - Clear button (X) on right when text exists
  - Placeholder: "Search articles by title, content, or keywords..."
  - Full-width on mobile, max-width 600px on desktop

- **Filter Panel** (Expandable on mobile):
  - **Source Filter**: Dropdown/Select
    - All Articles
    - Original Content
    - AI Enhanced
    - Competitive Analysis
  - **Date Range**: Date picker or dropdown
    - All Time
    - Last 7 Days
    - Last 30 Days
    - Last 90 Days
  - **Sort Options**: Dropdown
    - Newest First
    - Oldest First
    - Title (A-Z)
    - Reading Time (Shortest)
    - Reading Time (Longest)
  - **Apply Filters** button (primary color)
  - **Reset** button (secondary)

#### Article Grid
- **Responsive Grid**:
  - 1 column on mobile (< 640px)
  - 2 columns on tablet (640px - 1024px)
  - 3 columns on desktop (> 1024px)
- **Spacing**: 6-8 units gap between cards
- **Loading State**: 6-9 skeleton cards with shimmer animation
- **Empty State**: 
  - Illustration or icon
  - Message: "No articles found"
  - Subtext: "Try adjusting your filters or search query"
  - Button to reset filters

#### Article Card Component
Each card should display:
- **Thumbnail Image**: 
  - 16:9 aspect ratio
  - Fallback gradient with first letter of title (large font)
  - Hover: Subtle zoom effect (scale 1.05)
- **Badges** (top-right corner over thumbnail):
  - "✨ AI Enhanced" (purple badge if `metadata.isAIGenerated === true`)
  - "🔄 Updated" (blue badge if `metadata.lastAnalyzed` exists)
- **Title**: 
  - 2 lines max with ellipsis
  - Font size: text-xl, font-weight: bold
  - Hover: Change color to primary
- **Excerpt**: 
  - 3 lines max with ellipsis
  - Font size: text-sm
  - Color: text-gray-600
- **Metadata Row**:
  - Author icon + name (if available, else "Unknown")
  - Date icon + formatted date (e.g., "Dec 29, 2025")
  - Clock icon + reading time (e.g., "5 min read")
  - Separator: "•" between items
  - Font size: text-xs, color: text-gray-500
- **Tags** (if available):
  - Show first 3 tags
  - Colored pills with different colors
  - Font size: text-xs
- **Card Styling**:
  - White background
  - Rounded corners (rounded-xl)
  - Shadow on hover (shadow-md → shadow-xl)
  - Lift effect on hover (translate-y -4px)
  - Smooth transitions (300ms)
  - Cursor pointer
  - Full card clickable (onClick navigates to detail page)

#### Pagination
- **Display**: "Showing 1-10 of 45 articles"
- **Controls**:
  - Previous button (disabled if first page)
  - Page numbers (show current, 2 before, 2 after, with ellipsis)
  - Next button (disabled if last page)
- **Style**: Clean, minimal design
- **Mobile**: Simplified to just Prev/Next with page count

---

### 2. **Article Detail Page** (`/articles/:id`)

#### Layout
- **Breadcrumb Navigation**: Home > Articles > {Article Title}
- **Back Button**: "← Back to Articles"
- **Max Width**: 800px centered container
- **White Card**: With shadow and padding

#### Header Section
- **Large Title**: h1, font-bold, text-4xl
- **Metadata Bar**:
  - Author (with avatar placeholder)
  - Published date
  - Reading time
  - Word count
  - Last updated (if AI-enhanced)
- **Tags**: Full list of tags with colors
- **Action Buttons**:
  - Share (Twitter, LinkedIn, Copy Link)
  - "View Original" link (if this is enhanced version)
  - "Compare Versions" button (if both original and enhanced exist)

#### Content Section
- **Full Article Content**:
  - Well-formatted HTML/Markdown
  - Line height: relaxed (1.7)
  - Font size: text-lg
  - Paragraphs with proper spacing
  - Headings styled appropriately (h2, h3)
  - Lists styled (ul, ol)
  - Code blocks (if any) with syntax highlighting

#### AI Enhancement Section (if `metadata.isAIGenerated === true`)
- **Expandable Section**: "AI Enhancement Details"
- **Show**:
  - Similarity Score: Progress bar with percentage
  - Ranking Factors: List with checkmarks
  - Keywords Added: Colored badges
  - References Used: Clickable links to source articles

#### References Section (if `metadata.references` exists)
- **Title**: "Sources & References"
- **List**: Cards showing:
  - Source title
  - Source URL (clickable)
  - Date scraped
  - Open in new tab icon

#### Related Articles Section
- **Title**: "Related Articles"
- **Grid**: 3 mini article cards (same design as home page but smaller)
- **Logic**: Show other articles with similar tags (mock for now)

---

### 3. **Comparison Page** (`/compare/:originalId/:enhancedId`) - BONUS

#### Layout
- **Split Screen**: 50/50 on desktop, stacked on mobile
- **Sticky Header**: With titles of both versions
- **Synchronized Scrolling**: When scrolling one side, other follows

#### Left Panel: Original Article
- Label: "Original Version"
- Display full content

#### Right Panel: AI-Enhanced Article  
- Label: "AI-Enhanced Version"
- Display full content with highlights:
  - New sections: Light green background
  - Modified sections: Light yellow background

#### Comparison Metrics (Sticky Sidebar or Top Bar)
- **Word Count**: Original vs Enhanced (with % change)
- **Reading Time**: Original vs Enhanced
- **Similarity Score**: Visual gauge (0-100%)
- **Improvements**:
  - Keywords added: Number with list
  - Sections added: Number
  - Readability score: Before/After
- **Toggle View**:
  - Side-by-side (desktop default)
  - Stacked (mobile default)
  - Difference view (highlight changes only)

---

### 4. **Statistics Dashboard** (Optional Bonus) (`/stats`)

Display aggregate statistics:
- **Total Articles**: Count with icon
- **AI-Enhanced Articles**: Count + percentage
- **Average Similarity Score**: Percentage
- **Total References**: Count
- **Articles by Source**: Pie chart or bar chart
- **Publishing Timeline**: Line chart showing articles over time
- **Top Keywords**: Word cloud or tag cloud
- **Recent Activity**: List of last 10 articles

Use chart library: Recharts or Chart.js

---

## API Integration

### Axios Setup (`src/services/api.ts`)

```typescript
import axios from 'axios';

const API_BASE_URL = import.meta.env.VITE_API_URL || 'http://localhost:3000/api';

const api = axios.create({
  baseURL: API_BASE_URL,
  timeout: 10000,
  headers: {
    'Content-Type': 'application/json',
  },
});

// Request interceptor
api.interceptors.request.use((config) => {
  // Add any auth tokens here if needed
  return config;
});

// Response interceptor
api.interceptors.response.use(
  (response) => response,
  (error) => {
    const message = error.response?.data?.error || error.message;
    // Handle errors globally
    return Promise.reject(error);
  }
);

export default api;
```

### API Endpoints to Consume

```typescript
// GET /articles
// Query params: page, limit, search, sort, sourceType, dateFrom, dateTo
interface GetArticlesParams {
  page?: number;
  limit?: number;
  search?: string;
  sort?: string;
  sourceType?: 'original' | 'competitive-analysis' | 'enhanced';
  dateFrom?: string;
  dateTo?: string;
}

// GET /articles/:id
// Returns single article with all metadata

// GET /articles/stats
// Returns statistics object

// Response format:
interface ApiResponse<T> {
  success: boolean;
  data: T;
  pagination?: {
    total: number;
    pages: number;
    current: number;
    limit: number;
  };
}

interface Article {
  _id: string;
  title: string;
  url: string;
  excerpt?: string;
  content?: string;
  author?: string;
  publishedDate?: string;
  thumbnail?: string;
  tags?: string[];
  scrapedAt: string;
  metadata?: {
    wordCount?: number;
    readingTime?: number;
    lastAnalyzed?: string;
    similarityScore?: number;
    rankingFactors?: string[];
    isAIGenerated?: boolean;
    sourceType?: string;
    keywords?: string[];
    references?: Array<{
      title: string;
      url: string;
      scrapedAt: string;
    }>;
  };
  createdAt: string;
  updatedAt: string;
}
```

---

## Design System

### Colors
- **Primary**: Indigo/Purple (`#4F46E5`, `#7C3AED`)
- **Secondary**: Emerald (`#10B981`)
- **Accent**: Amber (`#F59E0B`)
- **Success**: Green (`#22C55E`)
- **Error**: Red (`#EF4444`)
- **Warning**: Orange (`#F97316`)
- **Text Primary**: `#1F2937`
- **Text Secondary**: `#6B7280`
- **Background**: `#F9FAFB`

### Typography
- **Font Family**: Inter or System UI
- **Headings**: Bold, tracking-tight
- **Body**: Regular, line-height relaxed
- **Small Text**: text-sm, text-gray-600

### Spacing
- Use Tailwind spacing scale (4, 6, 8, 12, 16, 24, 32, 48, 64)
- Consistent padding: p-6 for cards, p-4 for smaller components
- Consistent gaps: gap-6 for grids, gap-4 for lists

### Shadows
- **Default**: shadow-sm
- **Hover**: shadow-lg
- **Active**: shadow-xl

### Animations
- **Transitions**: 200-300ms ease-in-out
- **Hover Effects**: Scale, shadow, color changes
- **Loading**: Skeleton shimmer, spinner
- **Page Transitions**: Fade in (Framer Motion)

---

## Responsive Design

### Breakpoints (Tailwind defaults)
- **sm**: 640px
- **md**: 768px
- **lg**: 1024px
- **xl**: 1280px
- **2xl**: 1536px

### Mobile (<640px)
- Single column layout
- Hamburger menu (if navigation)
- Stacked filters (expandable drawer)
- Bottom navigation (optional)
- Touch-friendly buttons (min 44x44px)

### Tablet (640px - 1024px)
- 2-column grid
- Compact filters in top bar
- Side navigation (if needed)

### Desktop (>1024px)
- 3-column grid
- Full filter panel
- Larger text and spacing

---

## Accessibility

- **ARIA Labels**: All interactive elements
- **Keyboard Navigation**: Tab through all focusable elements
- **Focus Indicators**: Visible outline on focus
- **Alt Text**: All images
- **Color Contrast**: WCAG AA compliant
- **Screen Reader**: Semantic HTML

---

## Performance Optimizations

- **Lazy Loading**: Images and routes
- **Code Splitting**: Route-based
- **Debouncing**: Search input
- **Virtualization**: If article list is very long (react-window)
- **Memoization**: useMemo, useCallback for expensive computations
- **Image Optimization**: Use Next.js Image if available

---

## Error Handling & Loading States

### Loading States
- **Initial Load**: Full-page skeleton with shimmer
- **Pagination**: Mini spinner + disabled state
- **Search**: Inline spinner in search bar
- **Detail Page**: Content skeleton

### Error States
- **Network Error**: 
  - Icon: Wifi off
  - Message: "Unable to connect to server"
  - Button: "Try Again"
- **404 Not Found**:
  - Icon: File question mark
  - Message: "Article not found"
  - Button: "Back to Home"
- **General Error**:
  - Icon: Alert triangle
  - Message: Error description
  - Button: "Retry"

### Empty States
- **No Articles**: Friendly message with illustration
- **No Search Results**: Suggest adjusting filters
- **No Tags**: Show placeholder

---

## Component Structure Suggestion

```
src/
├── components/
│   ├── layout/
│   │   ├── Header.tsx
│   │   ├── Footer.tsx
│   │   └── Layout.tsx
│   ├── articles/
│   │   ├── ArticleCard.tsx
│   │   ├── ArticleGrid.tsx
│   │   ├── ArticleDetail.tsx
│   │   └── ArticleCardSkeleton.tsx
│   ├── search/
│   │   ├── SearchBar.tsx
│   │   ├── FilterPanel.tsx
│   │   └── SortDropdown.tsx
│   ├── common/
│   │   ├── Button.tsx
│   │   ├── Badge.tsx
│   │   ├── Loader.tsx
│   │   ├── ErrorMessage.tsx
│   │   └── EmptyState.tsx
│   └── comparison/
│       ├── SplitView.tsx
│       ├── ComparisonMetrics.tsx
│       └── DiffHighlight.tsx
├── pages/
│   ├── HomePage.tsx
│   ├── ArticleDetailPage.tsx
│   ├── ComparisonPage.tsx
│   └── StatsPage.tsx
├── hooks/
│   ├── useArticles.ts
│   ├── useArticle.ts
│   ├── useSearch.ts
│   └── useDebounce.ts
├── services/
│   └── api.ts
├── utils/
│   ├── formatDate.ts
│   ├── calculateReadingTime.ts
│   └── truncateText.ts
├── types/
│   └── article.ts
└── App.tsx
```

---

## Additional Features (If Time Permits)

1. **Dark Mode Toggle**: Switch between light/dark theme
2. **Favorites/Bookmarks**: Save articles locally (localStorage)
3. **Export**: Download article as PDF/Markdown
4. **Print Stylesheet**: Optimized print view
5. **Keyboard Shortcuts**: Quick actions (search, close modal)
6. **Animations**: Smooth page transitions with Framer Motion
7. **Toast Notifications**: Success/error messages (react-hot-toast)

---

## Environment Variables

Create `.env.example`:
```
VITE_API_URL=http://localhost:3000/api
```

---

## Final Notes

### Priority Order
1. **Home Page** with article grid (MUST HAVE)
2. **Article Detail Page** (MUST HAVE)
3. **Search & Filters** (MUST HAVE)
4. **Responsive Design** (MUST HAVE)
5. **Comparison Page** (BONUS - Stand out!)
6. **Statistics Dashboard** (BONUS)

### Visual References
- **Style Inspiration**: Medium.com, Dev.to, Hashnode
- **Modern, clean, professional**
- **Smooth animations**
- **Excellent typography**
- **Good spacing and whitespace**

### Testing
- Test all features manually
- Verify responsiveness on multiple devices
- Check accessibility with keyboard navigation
- Validate API integration with real backend

---

## Prompt Summary for v0

**"Create a modern React + TypeScript article discovery platform with:**
- **Home page**: Hero, search bar with debounce, advanced filters, responsive 3-column article grid with beautiful cards, pagination
- **Article detail page**: Full content display, metadata, AI enhancement details, references section, related articles
- **Comparison page**: Split-screen view comparing original vs AI-enhanced articles with metrics
- **Article cards**: Thumbnail with fallback gradient, badges for AI-enhanced, hover effects, metadata row, tags
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS, indigo/purple theme, smooth animations, modern gradient hero, shadcw/ui components
- **Responsive**: 1 column mobile, 2 tablet, 3 desktop
- **API integration**: Axios with interceptors, loading skeletons, error handling
- **Accessibility**: ARIA labels, keyboard nav, WCAG compliant
- **Features**: Debounced search, filters (source type, date, sort), pagination, empty states, error handling

Use Framer Motion for animations, Lucide React for icons, follow the design system with primary color #4F46E5. Make it look professional and impressive for a job assignment!"**

.first i willi finish the frontend part on v0 if u give a perfect promt for v0 for it to make a visually appealing and professional frontend with dark and light themes and to use good simple and creative animations , effects ..sliding effects , fading and gliding effects , transition effects 1. Zoom match cut
2. Shape Morphing
3.Swipe
and so on famous transition effects but overall less loading time and good frontend perfect page to page transition too..make sure the add all the auth pages as required
